DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-9827 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2878)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Fixed the inability to insert content next to the `<details>` element when it is the first or last content element. Pressing the **Up** or **Down** arrow key now inserts a block element before or after the `<details>` element
// TINY-9827

> Previously, when a `<details>` element such as an Accordion component was positioned either as the first or last element within the editor, users were unable to move the cursor above or below the element, restricting them from inserting new content to the editor. 
> 
> In {productname} 6.7, the `InsertNewBlockBefore` and `InsertNewBlockAfter` commands are now associated with `Up` and `Down` arrow key presses, which triggers when the cursor is in the relevant position.
> 
> As a result, when the user presses either `Up` or `Down` keys, the cursor will now move either above or below the `<details>` element when it is at either edges of the editor's content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when a `<details>` element, such as is automatically part of an xref:accordion.adoc[Accordion] component, was either the first or last element within a {productname} editor instance, users were unable to move the insertion point above or below the element. This prevented them from adding new content to the editor instance.

In {productname} 6.7, the `InsertNewBlockBefore` and `InsertNewBlockAfter` commands have been associated with the *Up Arrow* and *Down Arrow* keys, activating when the insertion point is in the relevant position.

As a result, when the insertion point is in the relevant position and the user presses either of the *Up Arrow* or *Down Arrow* keys, the insertion point now moves either above or below the `<details>` element when it is at either the beginning or end of the current editor’s content.
```
Suggested edit.
